DOC: introduce developers convention to use one sentence per line in .md/.rst files (#99)
dandi/handbook: docs/40_development.md

From address with a Heroku DNS domain; this seems to be an artifact of how
mit.edu processes emails, and does not occur in general (e.g. messages sent
from the API server to users).

### Use a-sentence-per-line formatting in .md/.rst files

> One sentence per line should be entered instead of wrapped into paragraphs, or making one paragraph per line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One sentence per line should be entered instead of wrapping into paragraphs or making one paragraph per line.
```

> Such a convention is used by a number of projects and advocated by others (see, e.g., [nick.groenen's post](https://nick.groenen.me/notes/one-sentence-per-line/)) since it:

Author: I don't think I will add it here, but found in https://github.com/executablebooks/mdformat/blob/782cb22f294bc4ce48368ee173de4837fc208ecf/docs/users/style.md?plain=1#L159 the quote from "Brian W. Kernighan. "UNIX for Beginners". 1974" which mentions "Start each sentence on a new line.", although in the sample paragraph quoted there this particular sentence doesn't because previous one was wrapped into it already ;-)

> Such convention is used by a number of projects, and advocated by others (see e.g. [nick.groenen post](https://nick.groenen.me/notes/one-sentence-per-line/#:~:text=It%20prevents%20reflows%20(meaning%20a,you%20swap%20sentences%20more%20easily.)) since it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Such a convention is used by a number of projects and advocated by others (see, e.g., [nick.groenen's post](https://nick.groenen.me/notes/one-sentence-per-line/)) since it:
```
